BA : Hi, we are here to discuss the requirements around the hotel reservation. 
Business : Welcome Ajay, yes, we can start the discussion.

BA : So, what are the broad requirements ?
Business : We want to start modernization of our hotel reservation.
           The customer should be able to use any of the following : Telephone based booking, Web based booking or In-person booking.
		   the process should be similar for all : the prospective customers need to check for a property whether any rooms are available or not
		   for the given request.

BA : what do you mean by "given request"?
Business : Means the type of room, say for example two double bed room with pool view or a suite.

BA : Okey. Please go ahead.
Business : If the property has capability of fulfilling that request, then the customer needs to be informed about the rooms rates, other
			room services,etc.
			
BA : If there are no rooms for the given request?
Business: If there are no rooms available for the given request, then the guest should be informed about other properties in the vicinity
			to check for rooms there.
			Once the rooms rates are decided then the customer needs to provide personal details like Name, Age, reason of stay,etc.
			Once those are done , an initial amount can charged as booking amount.
			After the rooms are booked the rooms must be removed from the inventory.
			If the stay is leisure then ,the the booking clerk (telephonic or otherwise) may brief the guest about some activities he may prefer.

BA : But if the stay is non-leisure?
Business: The booking clerk should ask whether the guest needs any additional services being extented, for example use of conference room. etc

BA : You talked about room amenities? Can you provide a few examples?
Business : Sure, there are many room services. I will provide a complete list later-on. But for the time being , examples of
		 room amenities may be complimentary use of gym, or In-Room Cocktail Station or free coupons to be used at Local Merchants.
		 Some of these are obviously charged to the guest.
		The booking clerk should also ask whether the guest needs to avail hotel pickup or drop. If the guest is using any of our travel partners
		to come to our location, the pickup and drop are complimentary. And depending on the type of room booked or ticket type used at our
		travel partners, we provide limo service.

BA : Who are these business partners and what do they provide?
Business : There are many type of business partners say for example ABC Airways is our airlines partner. If the guest has availed First class or
		business class ticket, then he is provided limo airport drop & pickup automatically.
		Or if the guest has booked premium suite then also he is provided free limo airport drop and pickup.
		The booking clerk should also enquire about any special service request. for example : if any one in the touring party needs wheelchair, etc
		Ohh...I forgot to tell you the property representative should also ask about the number of people for the booking.

BA : You talked about removing the room from inventory when there is a booking made. Can we talk a bit more on that?
Business : Okey. The primary inventory is room obviously. The secondary inventory can be anything that is used in a hotel. 
		Be it restaurants, and gift shops to such as toiletries, towels, blankets, and other items.
		
